All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50, Signature Level 99

When Attacked
• 60% chance to Armor Up, reducing damage from attacks by 8.75% for 6.5 seconds.
• Each time Black Panther gains an Armor Up effect he has a 6.5% chance to enter a Reflective state for 5 seconds, storing 90% of the damage taken. While in the Reflective state, his suit cannot trigger Armor Up.
• For every 300 damage stored, Black Panther gains a Reflect charge. When successfully hitting the opponent, Black Panther consumes all charges to deal the equivalent damage back to the opponent. Charges lasts for 7 seconds.

When Stunned
• Black Panther’s Vibranium Armor consumes an Armor Up effect to reflect physical Stun effects back to enemies. 100% chance to Stun opponents for 2 seconds.

Special 1 - King’s Strength
The King of Wakanda proves his might to all that might disbelieve his strength.
• 100% chance to inflict Bleed, dealing 80% of your Attack as direct damage over 4 seconds.

Special 2 - Power of Ancestors
Calling upon the spirits of his ancestors grants strength for swift and powerful blows.
• Damage increases by up to 90% based on lost Health.

Special 3 - Wakandan Assault
Pinpoint strikes weaken his foes, then T’Challa strikes hard to bring down the enemy of Wakanda.
• 75% chance to Stun for 3.25 seconds.

Signature Ability - Panther Habit
• Black Panther begins the fight with his Reflective state active. Additionally, Black Panther’s Armor passively has a 15-39.1% chance to absorb heavy attack impacts by consuming 1 Armor Up effect.

Recommended Masteries
Stand Your Ground: As Black Panther’s powerful signature ability can shrug off enemy heavy attacks, snapping up this mastery can allow him to become even more powerful in the defense.
Vitality & Greater Vitality: Having a lot of health maximizes the potential of Black Panther’s Reflective Armor, enabling him to withstand more damage and reflect it back to the enemy.
Pacify & Stupefy: Black Panther is able to Stun enemies when performing a Special 3 Attack as well as able to reflect physical Stun effects, including Parry, back to the opponent. Leveling up those two masteries can make those Stun effects even more impactful.

Strong Match-Ups
Luke Cage, Daredevil, Joe Fixit, Captain America: While his Armor Up effects are active, Black Panther is able to reflect physical stuns back to those opponents, turning their abilities against them.
Rhino, Hulk, Captain America: Black Panther is able to trigger multiple Armor Up effects when getting hit by the enemy, making him strong against Champions that rely on physical damage.
Star-Lord, Rocket Raccoon, Iron Fist, Electro: Black Panther’s Reflective Armor ability enables him to deal damage taken back to opponents, making him strong against high attack but low defense type of Champions.

Weak Match-Ups
Storm, Thor: Their Stun effects are Energy and projectile based, as a result, Black Panther is not able to Reflect their Stuns.
Gamora, Guillotine: These Champions can bypass Black Panther’s Armor Up effects by taking advantage of their strong Bleed effects.
