All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50, Signature Level 99

Basic Abilities: Regeneration, Incinerate, Concussion, True Strike

Passive – Techno Organic Repairs
15% chance to Regenerate 15% Health for 10 seconds, each time a bar of Power is filled. This ability stops working below 25% Health.

Passive –  Belle
Future Poison durations are reduced by 20% each time a poison is triggered on Cable.
Once his Poison Durations are reduced to 0, Cable gains a Passive 50% bonus to Special Damage

Passive – Techno Organic Infection
When caused to Bleed, Cable has a 100% chance to trigger his Heavy Attack Degeneration on his Opponent

Heavy Attack – Techno Organic Strike
100% Chance to Degenerate Non-Robotic opponents for up to 400% of your Attack over 15 seconds.
Strength of Degenerate scales inverse of your Opponent’s current Power.

Special 1 - Short Controlled Bursts
Cable knocks back his opponent, making space to use his plasma rifle!
This attack is Unblockable if you are currently under the effects of a True Strike Buff.

Special 2 - Charge Shot
A telekinetic wave, followed up by a high energy charged blast from his rifle!
This attack Incinerates the enemy, dealing 100% of your Attack as Energy Damage over 10 seconds. This effect also removes Perfect Block Chance and reduces Block Proficiency by 50%
This attack has a 84% chance to give the opponent a Concussion, reducing their Ability Accuracy by 78% for 11 seconds. The potency of this effect is affected by Class relationships.

Special 3 - TK Rifle
Cable uses his powers to enhances his plasma rifle, locks on his target, and unleashes a withering barrage of firepower.
100% Chance to grant True Strike for 15 seconds. This allows him to ignore Armor, Resistances, and Evasion.

Signature Ability – Techno Organic Virus Suppression
Cable’s immense mutant powers are hampered by having to constantly keep the techno organic virus in check. As the strength of the virus wanes, Cable has a 40% chance to gain 16.5% Power over 10 seconds, each time he fills a bar of power.

Recommended Masteries
Recovery: Cable has a strong regeneration ability, which is only improved once his Signature is unlocked. Increasing the amount of HP regenerated each time it triggers will help keep Cable in the the fight longer.
Inequity/Resonate: Lumping these two in together, as they both help Cable by reducing his opponent’s attack. Cable is capable of keeping his Degeneration up almost full time against an non-robotic opponent, and has a pair of debuffs available from his SP2. Together this represents a noticeable drop in the opponent’s damage output, which will help Cable’s Regeneration keep him above that all important 25% cut-off.
Willpower: Willpower works quite well with Cable. He’s already got a strong Regeneration ability, which means that much more of the Health gained from Willpower stays on his Health Bar, rather than just compensating for whatever Damage the debuff was causing you, it also again helps keep Cable above his 25% Regeneration cut-off.

Strong Match-Ups
Black Panther: Boy did Mr Panther show up to the wrong fight! With all the Bleed effects Black Panther triggers, he’s going to be Degenerating a lot! Combine that with Cable’s natural class advantage, and it’s a pretty safe bet of who’s coming out ahead here.
Gwenpool: Gwenpool wants to make you bleed all over yourself, which is right up Cable’s alley! His Signature Power Gain will help him slip around Gwenpool’s Ennervate ability. Where Gwenpool’s Plot Armor won’t let your Special Attacks touch, Cable’s Degeneration will knock off those last stubborn few percentage points off her health bar.
Abomination: Abomination is a great target as his Poison effect, while strong over time, needs to trigger repeatedly. This allows Cable to quickly drive his Poison duration reduction to 100%, while giving him a sizable boost for his Special Attack Damage.

Weak Match-Ups
Guillotine: A regular semi-predictable regeneration is usually a great thing to have, unless your opponent can make it run in reverse! And given that Cable can’t avoid triggering that Regeneration if he wants to, means Guillotine will always have a target here.
Vision (Both): Power Drain to prevent Regeneration from triggering, and Heal Block to prevent it from doing anything if it does. They’re also Robots, and as such not susceptible to Cable’s Degeneration.
Magik: Magik is all up in your Power Bar, and as such, Cable can struggle against her. Power Lock keeps Cable’s Signature Ability in check, and reduces the number of chances he has to Regenerate.
