*All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50, Signature Level 99

Heavy Attacks - Heal Block
95% chance to inflict Heal Block, preventing the target from recovering Health for 3 seconds. This has one potential trigger chance during the final strike of the heavy attack.

Special Attacks - Heal Block
If the opponent is under the effect of a Heal Block Debuff, that Heal Block is replaced with a 10 second Heal Block.
This Heal Block will not replace a Passive Heal Block effect, such as those gained from a Local or Linked node.

Blocking - Armor Up
20% chance to Armor Up, reducing damage from attacks by 7.5% for 7 seconds.
These Armor Up effects stack infinitely.

Passive - Armor
For each Armor Up effect active, Civil Warrior’s advanced Stark Tech protects him further, reducing enemy Offensive Ability Accuracy by 15% per Armor Up charge.

Special 1: Arc Blast – “I have seen this war.”
Civil Warrior triggers his advanced Stark Tech, gaining 4 Armor Up charges, each increasing Armor by 15% for 10 seconds.

Special 2: Repulsor Rush – “I have fought this fight.”
Depletes up to 59% of the target’s max Power.

Special 3: Overload – “I must end it at any cost.”
100% chance to Power Drain, depleting up to 54% of the target’s max Power. If the target is reduced to zero Power from this attack, they also become Power Locked for 6 seconds.

Signature Ability – ARC SHIELD: An upgrade to Civil Warrior’s Arc Shield grants him 2 Armor Up charges at the start of the fight. Additionally, he receives (9 – 20%) Special Damage resistance while Blocking.

Recommended Masteries
Parry: One of Civil Warrior’s greatest strengths is his ability to apply a Heal Block with his Heavy attack. By triggering Parry then going into a Heavy Attack, Civil Warrior can keep these short Heal Block effects active throughout the fight.
Collar Tech: Civil Warrior’s ability to block his opponent’s incoming Special Damage, both from his Armor Up effects and his signature ability, allows him a great deal of survivability against opponents that rely on special damage. Grabbing this mastery further enhances this advantage by lowering the opponent’s Power Gain and reducing the number of Special Attacks overall.

Strong Match-Ups
Deadpool, Wolverine, Wolverine (X-23), Ultron Prime: Civil Warrior’s ability to keep frequent Heal Block effects active allows him to deny these Champions their much needed Regeneration effects.
Cyclops, Storm: In addition to a class advantage, Civil Warrior’s ability to perform strong Power Drain effects denies these Champions their ability to perform their much needed special attacks. Additionally, his ability to reduce enemy Offensive Ability Accuracy means that these Champions cannot trigger their Armor Break and Stun effects.

Poor Match-Ups
Iron Fist, Spider-Man (Symbiote), Ms. Marvel (Kamala Khan): These Champions have a reliable way to strip away Civil Warrior’s Armor Up effects and do not rely on Offensive Ability Accuracy for their damage output as much as other Champions.
