All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50, Signature Level 99

This Champion has Persistent Charges that carry on from fight-to-fight within a Quest!

Persistent Soul Charge
Mephisto starts a quest with 3 Persistent Soul Charges, gaining an additional charge each time he knocks out an opponent, up to a max of 6 Soul Charges. Persistent Soul Charges travels with him from fight-to-fight.
When below 30% Health, each Persistent Soul Charge is consumed, Regenerating 10% of Base Health per charge. Mephisto does not take damage while consuming his Persistent Soul Charges through this ability.

Passive
Mephisto imprisons the opponent’s Soul at the start of the fight, reducing their chance to activate Buffs by 100% for 15 seconds.
Generates 12% of a Power Bar per second instead of taking Incinerate Energy Damage and Immune to Frostbite and Coldsnap.

Passive - Poison Immunity
Immune to all known poisons of the Battlerealm.

Aura of Incineration
When Aura of Incineration is active, Mephisto generates Power through his passive Power Gain, and for each stack nearby, opponents take 114.8 Incinerate Energy Damage per second.

Special 1 - Soul Imprisonment
Mephisto blasts lava from his mouth and then immediately summons a mystical wave of bones, imprisoning the opponent’s soul.
Consumes a Persistent Soul Charge to imprison the opponent’s Soul, reducing their chance to activate Buffs by 100% for 15 seconds.
Incinerates the opponent, dealing 688.8 Energy Damage per stack over 4 seconds. This also removes Perfect Block Chance and reduces Block Proficiency by 50%.

Special 2 - Aura of Incineration
Lashing his opponent with his whip, Mephisto then conjures an aura of incineration around himself.
Activates an Aura of Incineration around himself that lasts for 8 seconds.

Special 3 - Alternate Reality
Mephisto manipulates reality to shrink his opponent, swallowing them in order to drain their Power and spitting them out when he is done.
Once a fight, Mephisto instantly drains up to 2 Power Bars from the opponent. If the maximum amount is drained, Mephisto activates his Aura of Incineration for the rest of the fight.

Signature Ability - BURNING AURA
Mephisto burns with anger when getting struck, activating his Aura of Incineration around himself.
When Attacked, Mephisto burns with anger, having a 5 – 14.98% chance to activate his Aura of Incineration for 4 seconds. +120% of the above chance on Well Timed Blocks.

Mephisto is immune to Passive Ability Accuracy Modifications.

Recommended Masteries
Courage & Greater Strength & Recovery: Increasing Mephisto’s overall attack will enhance his Aura of Incineration damage output and Recovery will enhance his Regeneration based on Souls.
Liquid Courage: Liquid Courage will enhance his attack by a max of 30% and not deal any Poison damage to Mephisto since he is immune to Poison.

Strengths
Alliance Wars Defense: Mephisto is designed to be the ultimate Alliance Wars Defender, both because of his Regeneration ability based on Souls and his Aura of Incineration. Pairing him up with Dormammu will provide both Champions a very good boost against Energy Damage over time effects like Magik’s Limbo. Be careful about feeding Mephisto’s Persistent Soul Charges!
Hyperion: Soul Imprisonment activates for free at the start of each fight. This means Hyperion won’t be able to activate his Power Gain buffs, possibly for the entire fight if you use Mephisto’s Special 1.
Black Widow: Against an awakened Mephisto, Black Widow will not be able to use her passive ability accuracy as Mephisto is immune to it.

Weaknesses
Quake: Concussion Debuffs will be really useful against Mephisto, it will reduce the activation accuracy of both his Regeneration and Aura of Incineration, plus there’s a class advantage against Mystics.
