*All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50, Signature Level 99


Phoenix Force – Passive: The Phoenix’s connection to the cosmic Phoenix Force entity is the source of much of her power.
She begins the fight with 1 Phoenix Force charge, and periodically generates Fury Buffs based on her current number of Phoenix Force charges.
The more Phoenix Force charges the Phoenix has, the faster she generates Fury Buffs.
Fury Buffs increase attacks by 9.5%.

Empower – 5 or more Fury Buffs – Passive:
All attacks gain a 100% chance to Incinerate the opponent
Heavy Attacks gain a 100% chance to Armor Break, reducing Armor by 30% for 7 seconds.

Overload – 11 Fury Buffs – Passive
On entering Overload, all Phoenix Force charges are immediately consumed and the Phoenix begins consuming Fury buffs periodically.
All attacks have a 20% chance to Stun Incinerated targets for 1 second.
Offensive and Defensive Power Gain is reduced by 80%
The Phoenix remains Overloaded until she has consumed all her Fury Buffs.

Heavy Attacks – Passive:
100% Chance to gain 1 Phoenix Force charge.

Special 1: Telekinetic Blast – The Phoenix Force is released in a wave of telekinesis, amidst a rush of power!
Gain 10% Power for each Phoenix Force charge, consuming all but 1 of them.
Consumes up to 1 Fury Buff, increasing Special Damage by 10% per Fury consumed.

Special 2: Cosmic Firestorm – Cosmic fire, funnelled by raw Telekinetic power, into a deadly firestorm.
Gain 3 additional stacks of Phoenix Force.
Consumes up to 4 Fury Buffs, increasing Special Damage by 10% per Fury consumed.

Special 3: True Avatar Phoenix – The power of the Phoenix Force unleashed!
This attack consumes all of the Phoenix’s Fury Buffs, granting up to a 242% damage bonus, based on the number of Fury Buffs consumed.

Signature Ability – Right of the Phoenix: Once per fight when the Phoenix would be knocked out, she immediately becomes invulnerable for 2 seconds, and consumes all of her Phoenix Force charges, regaining (4.2%-10%) health per Phoenix Force consumed. After the 2 seconds she generates 1 Phoenix Force charge.


Recommended Masteries
Enhanced Fury: The Phoenix Force passive ability allows the Phoenix to create lots of fury buffs. Increasing the effect of each of these can have a large impact on her damage potential.
Courage: Similar to Enhanced Fury, increasing Phoenix’s attack translates to a large damage increase, and her Signature Ability makes playing around at low HP values a little less dangerous.
Inequity: When playing for sustained damaged, the Phoenix can keep herself in the Empowered zone for quite a while, gaining a guaranteed incinerate on hit. These stack up fast, and can make a difference for the Phoenix who lacks powerful defensive tools beyond her Signature Ability.

Strong Matchups
Iron Man, Iron Patriot, Superior Iron Man: In addition to Class Advantage (against most of them) Phoenix can Armor Break to counter their Armor Ups, and her massive burst damage allows her to blow right through their Overload Regens.
Captain America, Captain America (WW2): Captain America lacks any way to disrupt Phoenix’s core Fury loop, allowing Phoenix to stay Empowered for longer. This allows Phoenix to keep him Incinerated lowering his Block Proficiency and removing Perfect Block.

Weak Matchups
Ronan: Before gaining his Signature Ability, Edict, Ronan’s ability to convert Fury to Weakness helps him a little against Phoenix. However once his Edict ability kicks in, Phoenix will have to be very careful as she will almost always have many stacks of Fury to trigger the full damage and stun duration bonus.
Doctor Strange: Few Champions have the ability to interfere with Phoenix’s core Fury building loop like Doctor Strange. Nullify, Counterspell, Fate Seal all have the ability to throw Phoenix’s timing out, leaving her struggling to do damage!
