*All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50, Signature Level 99

Basic Abilities: Exploit Weakness, Bleed, Armor Break

Passive – Photographic Reflexes
Each Unique Attack your opponent attempts decreases their Offensive Ability Accuracy by 10%, while increasing your Perfect Block Chance by the same amount.
Each Unique Attack you make decreases your Opponent’s Defensive Ability Accuracy by 10%.
Being Struck by a Special Attack resets both of these abilities’ effects.

Passive – Exploit Weakness
Taskmaster spots a weakness in the last attack his opponent attempts, which can be exploited by striking his opponent with that same attack within 10 seconds.
Successfully exploiting a weakness instantly deals 923 Direct Damage.
An attack that will trigger Exploit Weakness will not trigger Passive Evades or Auto-Blocks.
After Exploit Weakness is triggered or expires it goes on cool down for 5 seconds.

Passive – Learn the Foe
Each time a Debuff is placed on Taskmaster, all future Debuffs placed on him have their Potency reduced by 10%.
If the Debuff Potency reduction reaches 100%, Taskmaster becomes Immune to Debuffs.

Passive – Heavy Attacks
If Exploit Weakness is on Cooldown, the Cooldown immediately ends, and the target is set.
If Taskmaster has triggered Exploit Weakness in the last second, or his current Exploit Weakness target is a Heavy Attack, he avoids any incoming attacks for the first second of charging this attack.

Special 1: Use their Weaknesses – Taskmaster is a master of landing the perfect strike to disrupt his opponent’s rhythm.
Causes Bleed lasting 5 seconds and dealing 173.1 damage, per Debuff triggered on the opponent this fight. Max Damage after 10 Debuffs.
This attack gains +403.9 Attack for each Debuff active on either Taskmaster or his opponent.

Special 2: Steal their Strengths – After even a single use, Taskmaster will turn even the most advanced of his opponent’s techniques back on them.
Causes Armor Break lasting 10 seconds reducing Armor by 352.94 per Buff triggered on the Opponent this fight. Max Damage after 10 Buffs.
This attack gains +403.9 Attack for each Debuff active on either Taskmaster or his Opponent.

Special 3: Ideal Counter – Taskmaster uses his mastery of his opponent’s own tactics to develop the ideal counter strategy.
If there is an active Exploit Weakness target it is automatically triggered, and it deals +932.2 additional Direct Damage.
Causes Bleed lasting 5 seconds and dealing 173.1 Damage, per Debuff triggered on the Opponent this fight. Max Damage after 10 Debuffs.
Causes Armor Break lasting 10 seconds reducing Armor by 352.94 per Buff triggered on the Opponent this fight. Max Damage after 10 Buffs.
This attack gains +403.9 Attack for each Debuff active on either Taskmaster or his Opponent.

Signature Ability: Intuitive Pattern Recognition – As Taskmaster fights each opponent he gains greater and greater understanding of their combat style as well as their most likely reactions, making it progressively more difficult for them to use even their most potent powers against him.

Increases Concussion Debuffs Durations by 4 second(s).
Each time Taskmaster Successfully triggers Exploit Weakness it places a Concussion Debuff on his Opponent reducing their Ability Accuracy by 10% for 6 seconds, and resetting the Duration of any currently active Concussions caused by this ability.
If Taskmaster places 5 Concussions on his Opponent simultaneously, they convert into a Passive effect which reduces Ability Accuracy by 50% for 15 seconds, counts as 5 Debuffs for Taskmaster’s other Abilities, and removes the Exploit Weakness cooldown timer. While this effect is active, Taskmaster will not trigger additional Concussion Debuffs.

Recommended Masteries
Deep Wounds
The Bleed on Taskmasters SP1 doesn’t look terribly impressive on the surface, but it can stack up really quickly by stacking Debuffs over the course of a fight, and triggering it while several Debuffs (Signature Ability anyone?) are active on the Opponent. Its duration is also short enough that Deep Wounds can make a sizeable difference.

Resonate
Taskmaster has several abilities which build off of Debuffs on his Opponent, resonate allows him to stack those abilities up as he goes about his standard gameplay rotation.

Glass Cannon
Much of Taskmaster’s defense comes in the form of Perfect Block Chance, or evading the blow entirely, both of which neatly counter the extra damage from Glass Cannon, while allow him to fully benefit from the bonus attack.

Strong Match-ups:
Electro
Bait out a few different attacks, place a few Concussions, and drive Electro’s Defensive Ability Accuracy down to allow for safer strikes against everyone’s favorite walking thorns node.

Spider-Man (Classic)
With both Exploit Weakness, and Ability Accuracy reduction, Classic Spider-Man’s Spidey Sense won’t be as reliable as he’s used to, because who doesn’t need a little less Evade in their life?

Magik
Drive Magik’s ability accuracy into the ground as quickly as possible to minimize the number of Limbos she triggers over the course of the fight, and she shouldn’t be too tough to manage.
Weak Match-ups

Cable
With class advantage, a Degen when you make him Bleed, and Special Attacks with enough hits that Taskmaster’s ability to avoid them is suspect at best, Cable can be a tough matchup.

Kingpin
If Taskmaster has his Signature Ability, every time he triggers Exploit Weakness (which he wants to do a lot) he risks just feeding Kingpin’s Rage! And his Black ISO gives him a chance to give Taskmaster a little tastes of his own Ability Accuracy shenanigans.

Rogue
With reduced Debuff Duration Rogue will be tricky to stack Concussions on, and she doesn’t care about Debuffing her Opponent, but she’ll gladly take the boost to her Lifesteal and Damage from having Class Advantage.
