*All stats based on 5-Star, Rank 5, Level 65, Signature Level 200

Passive

A suffocating, choking, and all-consuming Void provides full immunity to Incinerate effects.
Every 10 seconds, Void’s Intimidating Presence inflicts 1 random Debuff. +4 seconds on the timer if at least one Intimidating Presence Debuff is already active.

When Attacked
Opponents can Purify one Intimidating Presence Debuff for every 10 hits on their Combo Meter.

Intimidating Presence
For each Champion alive on the opponent’s team, Intimidating Presence Debuffs have a 0.6 second delay before fully activating.
Agility Debuff – Reduces Ability Accuracy of Evade and the Dexterity Mastery by 30%. Max Stacks: 2
Fatigue Debuff – Reduces Critical Rating by 1076. Max Stacks: 2
Petrify Debuff – Reduces the effectiveness of Power Gain and Regeneration by 50%. Max Stacks: 2
When all Intimidating Presence Debuffs are at max stacks, those Debuffs will be removed after 5 seconds.

When Opponents Suffer from a Debuff
For each unique Debuff type, the opponent takes 109.2% of Void’s current Attack Rating as Direct Damage per second.

Special 1: Existential Threat – The Void terrifies the opponent by charging and releasing a massive blast of concentrated dark energy.
Inflicts 1 Intimidating Presence Debuff.

Special 2: Abyssal Glimpse – The Void teleports close to his opponent to strike with a point-blank blast from deep inside the abyss.
Inflicts 2 Dark Stings, each lasting for 12 seconds. An opponent with a Dark Sting gains a Weakness or a Degeneration Debuff per Sting when activating a Special Attack.
Weakness – Reduces the opponent’s Attack Rating by 25% for 20 seconds.
Degeneration – Inflicts 1747.2 Direct Damage over 20 seconds.

Special 3: Conquer the Void – The Sentry temporarily wrests control from the Void and ignites a newborn sun around the opponent.
1 ~ 2 unique Debuffs provides a +20% Fury Passive.
3 ~ 4 unique Debuffs provides a +50% Fury Passive.
5+ unique Debuffs provides a +250% Fury Passive.

Signature Ability: Fear of the Void – When all Intimidating Presence Debuffs are at max stacks, those Debuffs are converted into a Passive Fear of the Void that combines their effects and increased Void’s strength.
When all Intimidating Presence Debuffs are at max stacks, instead of being removed, those Debuffs are converted into a Passive Fear of the Void that combines their effects and grants Void 218~1310 Attack Rating for 40 seconds.

Recommended Masteries:
Despair: Perhaps the most useful Mastery for Void, he is able to inflict many debuffs and his Petrify Debuff reduces the effect of the opponent’s Regeneration and Power Gain effects. This means, if the opponent is suffering from 6 Intimidating Debuffs and you have Despair at max level, you will reduce healing effects by 90% – 100% from the Petrify Debuffs, reverting the effect of the opponent’s Willpower and making them take damage instead of healing.
Resonate: This mastery is great with Void because it inflicts a Weakness Debuff, allowing him to deal more Direct Damage and also opening up an easier path for players to get his 250% attack increase on his Special 3. Having Weakness, Fatigue, Petrify, Agility and the Stun Debuff from a Parry before doing a Special 3 Attack will deal massive damage. Pair him with Sentry and their synergy bonus will allow Void to have that massive Fury passive for 20 seconds after the Special 3 Attack ends.
Inequity: The combination of Resonate and Inequity is going to enable Void to massively reduce the opponent’s Attack Rating! Pair that with his Special 2 Dark Sting and you won’t have to worry much about your opponent’s attacks if you get caught off guard.
Enhanced Fury: Void’s Direct Damage over time debuffs are based on his current Attack Rating; this means Fury effects will enhance their damage output per second! Also, the Void is able to get a very strong Fury effect through his Special 3 Attack if he is paired with Sentry (Pairing him with Sentry increases the duration of Fury effects by 20 seconds, enabling his Special 3 passive Fury to last after the duration of the Special Attack).

Strengths:
Captain Marvel, Scarlet Witch (Realm of Legends, Labyrinth of Legends): It takes a while for all of Void’s Debuffs and Fear of the Void to activate, making Void a very good option for longer fights.
Mephisto: Void is Incinerate Immune, that means he won’t take damage from Mephisto’s Aura of Incineration.
Magik, Dormammu, Other Mystic Champions: Petrify Debuff will reduce the effectiveness of Regeneration and Power Gain effects by 50% per stack. This means, if you have a Fear of The Void active and at least 2 Petrify Debuffs, Mystic Champions will actually lose Power instead of gaining.
Wolverine, Wolverine (X-23): Void’s Petrify Debuffs also lowers the effectiveness of Regeneration effects. The opponent’s regeneration can also be reverted if Void is able to place a Fear of Void and at least 1 Petrify Debuff.
Mordo: In addition to preventing Mordo from getting Power with Void’s Petrify Debuffs, Void also inflicts a Fatigue Debuff through his Intimidating Presence ability, disabling Mordo’s Astral Evade.

Weaknesses:
Crossbones, Kingpin, Agent Venom: Champions that shrug off Debuffs are excellent against Void. This will shut down his Direct Damage effect as well as provide a bonus on Champions like Kingpin.
Medusa, Hyperion, Blade: Champions with a lot of hits in their attacks will have an easier time purifying Void’s Debuffs. Hyperion has multiple hits on his Heavy Attack as well as Blade and Medusa in their Special 2 Attack.
Quake, Archangel: Ability Accuracy will also prevent Intimidating Presence Debuffs from activating. This means that abilities like Concussion and Neurotoxin are going to be effective tools against Void.
