*All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50, Signature Level 99

Basic Abilities: Power Drain, Armor, Incinerate

Chitarui Energy Core – Passive
Vulture spends 50 Chitauri Energy by Dashing away from his opponent then immediately back to trigger a Raptor Strike.
If the Raptor Strike attack is blocked he gains a Decoy Buff, which causes the next attack against him that would otherwise hit to miss. Max: 1 Stack
Each time Vulture lands a Critical Hit his suit stores 5 Chitauri Energy for later use
If the Raptor Strike hits his opponent, it drains 25% of their Current Power
Vulture Evades all attacks while Dodging back. Dodging an attack this way consumes 10 Chitauri Energy and Incinerates the opponent, dealing 724 Damage over 5 seconds. Max: 1 Stack

Powered Armor – Buff
Vulture has a permanent Armor Up Buff, increasing his Armor by 8.03 per point of Chitauri Energy.
If this Buff is removed for any reason, it will refresh itself after 10 seconds.

Special 1: Wingpack Strike – Vulture launches the flight pack off his suit directly at his opponent.
100% Chance to apply a Siphon Charge Debuff, which Drains 25% of all Power the opponent gains, converting it into Chitauri Energy. This effect lasts for 15 seconds.

Special 2: Engine Flare – Vulture flares his engines directly into his opponent, blasting them with superheated jetwash.
100% Chance to apply a Thermal Feedback Debuff, which Burns 25% of all Power the opponent gains, dealing Direct Damage based on the Power Burned. This effect lasts for 10 seconds.

Special 3: Hybrid Alien Technology – Striking from the sky, Vulture hurls his opponent back, before employing an industrial laser heavily modified with alien tech.
This attack Incinerates the enemy, dealing 2318 Energy Damage over 20 seconds. This effect also removes Perfect Block Chance and reduces Block Proficiency by 50% while it’s active.

Signature Ability – Thermal Absorption – Passive
Vulture upgrades his suit to convert excess heat into power allowing him to start the fight at full Chitauri Energy and absorb any Incinerate Debuff applied to him, using it to fill his Chitauri Energy.
Additionally, while the opponent is Incinerated, Gain 1.02% Power every 0.5 seconds.

Recommended Masteries:
Collar Tech: Vulture has Debuffs on his Special 1 and 2 which Drain or Burn a portion of all the power that his opponent gains while they’re active. Combining these with Collar Tech, greatly reduces the rate at which Vulture’s opponent gains power.
Glass Cannon: Glass Cannon increases the amount of damage you do at the expense of receiving more damage, and Vulture is great at avoiding damage. With his Decoy Buff, he avoids hits all together, his Siphon Charge and Thermal Feedback Debuffs reduce opponent’s Power Gain reducing the amount of Specials to avoid, and his Armor Up reduces any damage that he does take.
Precision: Vulture has a below average Critical Rating but to compensate he has a high base Critical Damage Rating. Increasing his Critical Rating will help him make the most of his Critical Damage potential and increase his base Chitauri Charge income.

Strong Match-ups:
Cable: Vulture has a great matchup against Cable. Siphon Charge and Thermal Feedback allow Vulture to feed off of Cable’s own Power Gains, and he has Class Advantage to help him do even more damage.
Mordo: Mordo is another Power Gaining Champion, making Vulture’s Siphon Charge and Thermal Feedback very potent against him. In addition his Decoy Buff gives him a measure of security to throw a Heavy Attack through Mordo’s block.
Vision: The matchup against Vision is a simple one for Vulture: Make sure Thermal Feedback is active on Vision when he triggers Synthesis, and watch the magic happen.

Weak Match-ups:
Ronan: Ronan has a good matchup with Vulture and a Class Advantage hurts too. Vulture almost always has an Armor Up Buff for Ronan’s Signature Ability to trigger off of, and for him to Armor Break with his Heavy after landing that longer Stun.
Drax: Drax has an interesting interaction with Vulture’s Decoy Buff, as his initial Medium attack has two hits, the first will be caused to miss, but the second will still land. Add that to Class Advantage, and he’s a good answer to Vulture.
Crossbones: Crossbones’ ability to convert Debuffs to Furies is a great counter to Vulture. This ability allows him to remove Siphon Charge, Thermal Feedback, and Incinerate, giving him a steady source of Fury and a definite advantage in the fight.
