Originally Posted 12-18-2015

*All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50, Signature Level 99

Passive - Cleanse
• Unique physiology allows detrimental effects to be shrugged off 53% faster than normal.

Passive - Bleed Immunity

I am Groot - I, am Groot!*

Passive - Pacifism
Groot’s gentle nature is put to the test any time the opponent strikes with a Critical Hit or uses a Special Attack against him, with a 100% chance to gain a Pacifism charge. Each time a charge is gained, Groot has a 10% chance per charge to throw off his gentle nature.
When Groot throws off his gentle nature, he gains one Fury and one Resist Physical effect for each Pacifism charge, increasing Attack by 19% for 10 seconds.
Groot gains Pacifism charges whenever an opponent activates a Special Attack, regardless of whether or not he is struck by it.
The chance to throw off his gentle nature climbs as he gains charges. It goes 10%, 20%, 30% etc, until he finally snaps.

Special 1: I am Groot
• This attack pierces 50% of the enemy’s Armor.

Special 2: I AM GROOT!
• Advanced cellular regeneration allows up to 13% Health to be recovered over 6 seconds, based on lost Health
• The more health Groot has lost at the time of activation, the more Health he will Regenerate from this attack.
• This attack is unblockable but deals reduced damage.

Special 3: WE ARE GROOT!
• 100% chance to inflict Bleed, dealing 95% of your Attack as direct damage over 3 seconds.

Signature Ability - Gentle Giant
Groot grows tired of watching his friends get hurt in combat and begins the fight with 2 Pacifism charges. Additionally, each Fury stack gained from throwing off his gentle nature has a (20% - 60%) chance to activate a charge of Cruelty, increasing Critical Hit Damage by 25% each.
The two charges of Pacifism gained at the start of the fight cannot cause Groot to immediately snap. He will have to gain at least one more charge to snap.

Recommended Masteries
Enhanced Fury / Extended Fury: The Attack bonus that Groot gains from his Pacifism counts as a Fury effect. Grabbing these two Masteries allows Groot’s Pacifism to be much stronger and last longer for an overall higher damage output.
Double Edge: As Groot is immune to Bleed effects, he only gains the bonus attack from Double Edge with none of the damage trade off.
Greater Vitality / Perfect Block / Physical Resistance: Groot is a champion that can go the distance in a fight. His inherent Physical Resistance, coupled with the boost he gains from Pacifism can allow him to slug it out much longer than other champions. Additionally, the more triggers of Pacifism that can be gained in a fight, the better as they each represent a large boost of damage output. Increasing Groot’s longevity allows him more chances to trigger Pacifism and more opportunities to get those large damage boosts.

I am, Groot!*
I am Groot.*

Strengths
Groot is a champion that can punish enemies for frequent use of Special Attacks, as he gains Pacifism charges regardless of whether he’s hit or not from the attack.
With his base Physical Resistance, Pacifism, and Regeneration on Special 2, Groot can take a lot of punishment during a fight, while also dishing out lots of damage in large bursts when his Pacifism trigger causes him to snap.
Groot’s ability to shrug off debuffs such as Poison, Stun and Armor Break faster allows him to shut down much of the power from some champions reliant on such effects.

I am Groot!*

Weaknesses
I am...Groot?*
As Groot relies on Pacifism for large bursts of damage, he can be more susceptible than others to the random chance of activations. It is possible, however unlikely, that Groot’s Pacifism won’t trigger during a fight, and he’ll be left sitting with 8 stacks at the end of the encounter.
