All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50, Signature Level 99

Basic Abilities: Power Gain, Auto-Block, Stun, Armor Break

Boon of the Gods
• Activates for every 40 hits on the Combo Meter or whenever struck 20 times.
• Fills to max Power over 5.5 seconds. This Power Gain is interrupted if Thor (Ragnarok) gets knocked down by a Special Attack. Boon of the Gods is not affected by Ability Accuracy and prevents Thor (Ragnarok) from gaining Power when struck by Special Attacks.

When Opponents Intercept Thor’s Dash
• Thor (Ragnarok) has a 30% chance to use his shield to Auto-Block any attacks made while he is Dashing towards the opponent. This can trigger the Parry Mastery.

When an Attack Inflicts a Stun
• Thor (Ragnarok) deals an additional 250% of that attack’s damage as Physical Damage if the opponent is suffering from Armor Break.

Special 1 - Fearsome Fighter
Without Mjolnir, Thor (Ragnarok) must improvise and use his shield as a deadly weapon.
• 45% chance to Stun for 1.8 seconds, plus 55% chance if a Combo of 40 or more hits is maintained.

Special 2 - The Warrior Within
Skilled with multiple weapons, Thor (Ragnarok) engages his opponent with a ferocious sword fighting style.
• Breaks the opponent’s Armor, applying 1333 Armor Rating reduction for 10 seconds.

Special 3 - God of Thunder
Thor (Ragnarok) discovers that his true power lies within, channeling lightning through his fists and electrifying opponents with each punch.
• Shocks the opponent, dealing 540 Energy Damage over 5 seconds.
• This Special Attack can only inflict up to maximum of 20% of the opponent’s max Health as damage.

Signature Ability - THUNDER GOD'S WRATH
After a Special 3, Thor (Ragnarok) is temporarily able to control lightning within his body.
• After a Special 3 Attack, Thor (Ragnarok) is able to control lightning within his body for 7-25 seconds. Thor (Ragnarok) has a 40% chance to inflict Shock whenever making physical contact with opponents, dealing 378 Energy Damage over 5 seconds.

Inflicting Shock has a 16% chance to cause Stun and 40% chance to Armor Break. Additionally, each Shock stack reduces the opponent’s Ability Accuracy by 15%.
• Stun lasts for 2 seconds and Armor Break applies a 666 Armor Rating reduction for 6 seconds.

Recommended Masteries:
Pacify: Through his Signature Ability, Thor (Ragnarok) will be able to apply multiple stuns on the opponent. Pacify will further lower the opponent’s Ability Accuracy in additional to the reduction based on how many Shocks is active on the opponent.
Precision & Lesser Precision: Thor (Ragnarok) inflicts a lot of damage when he Stuns an already Armor Broken opponent through an attack. The additional damage is based on the hit so if Thor (Ragnarok) inflicts a Critical Hit, the additional damage dealt is also enhanced. Best way to do it is by doing a Special 2 Attack and then going for a Special 1 Attack right afterwards.
Despair: Thor (Ragnarok) is able to reliably Inflict Armor Breaks, Stuns and Shock Debuffs. Paired with Despair at max rank, he will be able to reduce the opponent’s Regeneration effects by 15% for each active Debuff.

Strengths
Auto-Block: Thor (Ragnarok) is able to Auto-Block when dashing towards an opponent, instead of being intercepted he will be able to even Stun opponents if the Parry Mastery is enabled.
Ultron, Iron Man: Combined with Despair, Thor (Ragnarok) is able to almost completely negate Regeneration effects by doing a Special 3 Attack and stacking Debuffs on the opponent.
Massive Power Gain Bursts: Thor’s Boon of the Gods is one of the best Power Gain abilities in the game, but make sure to spend all your Power before getting 40 hits in the Combo Meter to maximize the amount of Power gained.

Weaknesses
Black Widow, Elektra: Thor’s Auto-Block is affected by Ability Accuracy, enabling Champions with Ability Accuracy reductions to bypass it.
Green Goblin: This Champion has the ability to reduce Power Gain effects by 40% through his Cunning ability. This means Thor (Ragnarok) will not be able to get to his Special 3 Attack through his Boon of the Gods ability.
