Spider-Man - Miles Morales - Originally Posted 01-06-2016

In an alternate reality where Peter Parker died while protecting his friends and family, teenager Miles Morales was bitten by a genetically enhanced spider and discovered that he now possessed the same powers as his fallen idol. With the world mourning the loss of one of their greatest heroes, Miles decided to take on the mantle of Spider-Man. Miles knows that with great power must come great responsibility, but can he live up to the legacy set before him?

Base Stats & Abilities
*All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50

Class: Science

Health: 12,771
Attack: 1,261
Max PI: 3,237 - Without Masteries or Signature Ability

Special 1: Triple Web Shot
53% chance to inflict Weakness, decreasing the target's Attack by 28% for 6.5 seconds.
This attack has three potential triggers for Weakness, all of which stack.

Special 2: Pow! Thwack! Sizzle!
Miles’ unpredictable Venom Blast has varying effects based on Champion Class. The chance to activate a Venom blast is increased by up to 12% the smaller the target is.
Science & Cosmic Champions: 65% chance to Stun the opponent for 2.5 seconds.
Tech & Skill Champions: 60% chance to Power Drain the opponent, removing 28% of the opponent’s Max Power.
Mystic & Mutant Champions: 70% Chance to Fatigue the opponent, reducing Critical Hit Rate by 18% for 7 seconds.

Special 3: Flurry of Blows

Passive - Evasion
Miles’ undeveloped Spider Senses grant him 5 charges of Evasion at the beginning of the fight. Each charge grants him a 6% chance to Dodge incoming attacks at the cost of 1 charge.
Whenever an opponent uses a Special Attack, Miles gains 2 charges of Evasion to help him better avoid imminent danger.

Signature Ability - Venom Blast
Miles’ self-training and newfound experience in the Contest grants a (5 - 15%) chance to trigger an additional Venom Blast after using a Light or Medium Combo-ender. Longer combos grant a higher chance to trigger a Venom Blast, up to a max of 5 hits.
Combo-ender attacks are attacks that end a combo. Either the second medium attack, or the fourth light attack in a row.
This chance to trigger Venom Blast also increases against smaller champions.
The effect that triggers mirrors the effects of the Venom Blast on Special 2.

Synergy Bonuses
Electro - Enemies: +6% Critical Hit Rate
Iron Patriot - Enemies: +7% Critical Hit Rate
Venom - Nemesis: +6% Attack
Spider-Gwen - Teammates: +5% Perfect Block Chance

Recommended Masteries

Precision / Cruelty
Like many Spider-Verse champions, Morales has a high base Critical Hit Rate and Critical Damage Rate. Enhancing these two strengths even further will allow Miles a large damage output, while his Venom Blast and Enfeeble effects give him the control he needs to keep the opponent weaker and with a much lower damage output.

Serum Science / Physical Resistance
While Miles’ passive Evasion ability grants him a decent level of survivability, his low health and armor could use a boost. Grabbing these two masteries will help avoid defeat in instances when Morales gets hit too often early on in the fight.

Inequity
As Miles can place multiple detrimental effects on the opponent through his Enfeeble and Venom Blast effects, this mastery can provide him with a layer of defences to ensure that mistakes made during the fight aren’t nearly as punishing.

Strengths
As Morales’ detrimental effects are all attached to specific special attacks, knowledgeable players can avoid Willpower by avoiding these attacks when necessary, and instead use his Special 3 attack, which has good damage, but no detrimental effects to trigger Willpower from.
Against champions without Willpower, Morales can stack up multiple detrimental effects in order to weaken his foe and increase his own survivability.
Morales has one of the best survivability rates against Special Attacks in the game, with an inherent ability to dodge them as soon as they’re activated, as his Evasion ability grants him multiple charges when the attack is first initiated.

Weaknesses
Like many Spider-Verse champions, Morales has low base health, leaving him vulnerable to Special 3 attacks which his Evasion cannot interact with. Smart players will need to bait out Special Attacks and stack up Evasion charges to avoid earlier Special Attacks.
