Black Suit Spider-Man - Originally Posted 09-10-2015

One of Peter Parker’s most famous and notorious costumes enters The Contest to unleash its alien powers. Cosmic in origins, this dark version of Spidey’s suit has a mind of its own.

Base Stats & Abilities
*All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50, Signature Level 99

Class: Cosmic

Health: 12,771
Attack: 1317

Special 1: Web-Slinger

Special 2: Swingin'
This attack has 100% Critical Hit Rate

Special 3: Thwip, Thwip, Pow!

Critical Hits
71% Chance to boost Critical Hit Rate by 34% for 7.5 seconds.
That’s right, increased Critical Hit rate caused by Critical Hits. Landing a Critical Hit that triggers this ability allows you to more easily maintain the effect throughout the fight and keep the Critical Hits rolling.
31% Chance to inflict Weakness, decreasing the target’s Attack by 38% for 6 seconds.

Heavy Attacks
100% chance to Armor Break, removing enemy Armor and applying 9% Armor reduction for 80 seconds.
You read that right. 100% chance for 80 seconds. And the effects stack. So, any time you can land a Heavy Attack you should try and hit it as the effect will most likely last for the full duration of the fight.

Signature Ability - Spider Sense
Increased agility coupled with small stature and a sixth sense for imminent danger make Spider-Man 40% more elusive.
This altered version of Spider Sense triggers whenever a Special Attack is activated.
The effect lasts for 8 seconds each time it is activated.
Because the effect isn’t always on, it is at a higher rate than classic Spider-Man’s


Synergy Bonuses
Storm - Friends: +5% Armor
Electro - Enemies: +5% Critical Hit Chance

Recommended Masteries


Parry
If you're able to time the Stun effect from Parry, it gives you a window of opportunity to nail a Heavy Attack for that long-lasting Armor Break.

Dexterity
The extra evasiveness adds much needed survivability, and the bonus to Critical Hits improves the chances of starting a Precision chain and of inflicting Weakness on the target.

Precision
Any bonuses to Critical Hit Rate are worth snagging up, as they improve the chance of starting a Precision chain and triggering Weakness.

Strengths
With high Attack, boosted Critical Hit Rate, and a stacking Armor Break effect, this Spider-man is able to wreak plenty of havok on any target.
Most Champions rely on either a percent chance to activate Armor Break or on their Special Attacks. This Spider-man's Heavy Attack is guaranteed to trigger, ripping off enemy Armor Up effects in the process.

Weaknesses
Like some other Cosmic Champions, this Spider-man wields several powerful effects that are prone to removal by Champions with Nullify.
Because of his low Health Spider-Man must depend on keeping Weakness on the target if he wants any chance at surviving more powerful attacks.
