Old Man Logan - Originally Posted 02-03-2016

In an alternate timeline, the villains of Earth and beyond worked together to bring about the downfall of Super Heroes everywhere. Manipulated into hurting his fellow mutants, Wolverine took on a vow of pacifism, swearing to never again pop his claws. 50 years later, when an old friend knocked on his door asking for help on a mission to overthrow the ruling villains, Logan chose to once again do what he did best.

Base Stats & Abilities
*All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50

Class: Mutant

Health: 13,075
Attack: 1047
Max PI: 3288 - Without Masteries or Signature Ability

Special 1: X-Slash
This attack pierces 93% of the opponent’s Armor.

Special 2: Primal Rage
31% chance to inflict Bleed, dealing 165% of your Attack as direct damage over 5.5 seconds.
This has 3 potential triggers and stacks up to 3 times.

Special 3: Kill Frenzy
100% chance to inflict Bleed, dealing 96% of your Attack as direct damage over 5.5 seconds.
This attack causes Logan to snap and go Berserk, at the cost of one Pacifism charge.
This has 1 potential Bleed trigger.
This attack immediately causes Logan to go Berserk (see below).
If Logan only has one Pacifism charge, he will lose that charge, but won’t go Berserk as he has no charges left to convert into Fury and Cruelty effects.

Pacifism - Passive
Each time Logan loses 10% of his max health, or the opponent uses a Special Attack against him, he gains a charge of Pacifism and has a 10% chance per charge to snap and go Berserk.
Logan cannot gain a charge a multiple times if he drops below a health threshold more than once.
When Logan goes Berserk, for each Pacifism charge he had, he gains one Fury and Cruelty effect, increasing Attack and Critical Damage by 19% per charge consumed.

Regeneration - Passive
Logan’s advanced age has altered his Healing Factor, allowing him to recover 9 health twice per second. Additionally, any time he Bleeds, his Healing Factor closes the wound 79% faster.
If Logan’s Regeneration effect is Nullified or removed, it will stay down for 5 seconds before starting up again.

Signature Ability - Pop the Claws
When Logan pops his claws for a Special Attack, each attack has a (10 - 25%) chance to cause an additional Bleed for each charge of Pacifism he has at the time, inflicting 50% of your attack as direct damage over 3 seconds.
The Bleed effects from Pop the Claws stacks infinitely and has a chance to trigger per Pacifism charge active.

Synergy Bonuses
Wolverine - Enemy: +7% Critical Hit Chance
Hawkeye - Friends: +6% Armor
Hulk - Nemesis: +6% Attack

Recommended Masteries

Enhanced Fury / Extended Fury
As Logan’s Fury effects from his Pacifism are considered true Fury effects, adding these masteries will make them last longer and hit much harder.

Precision
Logan gains a large boost to his Critical Damage when he finally goes Berserk, and as such, ensuring he’s hitting with more frequent Critical Hits during these moments can allow him to deal much more damage during these bursts.

Double Edge
Because Logan’s Regeneration also allows him to close Bleeding wounds faster, Double Edge will run out quickly, while still providing the large boost to Attack.

Strengths
Logan is at his most powerful when fighting champions Bleed reliant champions, such as Black Panther and Gamora, as his Regeneration closes their wounds quickly, and allows him to heal up. This combo denies such champions much of their overall offensive power.
Old Man Logan has ways of dealing with specific mastery set ups when played correctly. As an example, when in an arena and facing a champion with Willpower, a smart player can bypass this ability quickly. Simply use Special 1 attacks when Old Man Logan goes Berserk to avoid triggering Bleed effects, and use his raw attack ouput to deal with opponents.

Weaknesses
Logan is more susceptible to champions that can frequently remove his Regeneration effect, such as Scarlet Witch and Dr. Strange. Like many Mutant champions, Logan has few defensive capabilities when his activated abilities are lost, and will have to play more carefully and defensively when his regeneration is down.
