All stats based on 4 Star, Rank 5, Level 50, Signature Level 99

Blocking - Energy Resistance
• Increase Energy Resist by 50% while Blocking.

Fight Start: 100% chance to regenerate 12% health over 10 seconds.
• All Attacks: All attacks have a 10% chance to place a Loa on their opponent that lasts until removed by another effect. A Loa is a buff with no effects.

Special 1 - Spirit Venom
50% chance to Envenom each of the opponent’s Buffs, Nullifying it, and applying a Poison dealing 255% of your Attack as Direct Damage over 20 seconds.

Special 2 - Gift of the Loa
50% chance to convert up to 3 Loa into either a Buff on himself or a Debuff on the opponent, based on current Combo Meter.
• Even Combo: All of Voodoo’s attacks gain a 50% chance to burn 2.5% of his opponent’s Power, converting 450% of Power burnt into Energy Damage, lasting 15 seconds.
• Odd Combo: Target leaks 30% of their Power, over 10 seconds.

Special 3 - Open the Gate
100% chance of applying Power Leech to the target, stealing 40% Power over 20 seconds.
• When the Power Leech ends for any reason, Doctor Voodoo gains an equivalent Power Gain Buff.

Signature Ability - BROTHER DANIEL
Brother Daniel will posses either Doctor Voodoo or his opponent moving between them based on Doctor Voodoo’s combo meter when he uses a Special Attack.
• Combo Even: Doctor Voodoo is possessed gaining 100% increased Ability Accuracy and (50-100)% increased Buff Duration.
• Odd Combo: Opponent is possessed gaining 50% decreased Ability Accuracy and (50-100)% increased Debuff Duration.

Recommended Masteries
Recovery: Doctor Voodoo starts every fight with an active Regeneration effect. Enhancing it will help keep his HP topped off for repeated fights, such as during a quest or Alliance Events.
Mystic Dispersion: With the unique combination of the ability to both place Buffs on his opponents and nullify them away, Doctor Voodoo can generate a lot of extra power with this Mastery.
Parry/Pacify/Stupify: By keeping Brother Daniel on his opponent, Doctor Voodoo can significantly extend the length of a parry stun. On top of this, combining Brother Daniel with Pacify will reduce your opponent’s ability accuracy by a huge amount.

Strong Match-Ups
Groot: Groot is immune to Bleed but not Poison, and he produces a lot of buffs for Voodoo to convert to Poisons. Combine this with Brother Daniel’s Ability Accuracy debuff which will give you a chance to prevent Groot’s regeneration from triggering at all. Also there’s a class advantage, just for a little extra kick.
Wolverine: Poison reduces his healing effects, Brother Daniel reduces the chance of Regeneration from triggering, and Spirit Venom let’s him Nullify one if Wolverine does manage to trigger one.

Weak Match-Ups
Hulk: Doctor Voodoo does a lot of Poison damage and Hulk is immune to this. Doctor Voodoo shuts down his opponents by reducing Ability Accuracy and Nullify Buffs, Hulk procs very few buffs passively, increasing his Damage as his health drops. Voodoo is resistant to Energy Damage while Hulk exclusively does Physical Damage.
Vision: Like the Hulk, Vision is Immune to Poison and doesn’t trigger any Buffs. He also has the ability to get a Heal Block on his opponents very quickly, counteracting Doctor Voodoo’s Regeneration. Finally, his Mana Burn can keep preventing his opponent from using any of their Special Attacks.
